and they have a system of research and that's going to work with us.
I'm totally not a lot of this.
We're in the street good with audio, just because they have a much more...
that has a lot of delay expertise cooked into it, but eventually we're trying to set
a self-host and like, yeah, we have audio at some point.
So in our Oresto's process, this is both in our Oresto's process and in our Christ's processes,
we're trying to just basically have humans only take civil scores and have like
detailed instructions before the meeting on how to take it and it's recorded and they just pass
the transcripts to the agents and the agents generally contract follow up, follow up with clients,
remind them to sign a contract, collect a payment and with the contacts, like the kickoff
call, this already will already have automation that generates the boundary questions.
Now we need to take from them to load into the agents so that they know how to generally
lease, they know how to browse the Oresto's and it has a lot of time like RAS do please.
Once that's automated, once you get a list of kickoff calls for questions and once again,
you take the call and give run through an evacuation contact, this gets passed into the agents
and that's all we need from the points and eventually we just want back to back cause
where every cause is still scored, every aspect of back, they don't need to really like that gap
between the agents, they just take as many causes if it's a different, they do that and everything's
done for them, they just take kickoff again and we just put everything in the slack and have slack
slack on or how it's the right if other people still like you may take your signatures.
Yeah, I would certainly take this.
Yeah, yeah, then just like gas motory out of us, as we can.
So just kind of minimal minimizing the business model, trying to minimize the cost from
like basically compute to be very competitive and to rate fast, which we have to
we have to like we need a lot of some of the other things to like gas at that point.
So if that sounds interesting and if those are like GTM tech and CRM tech sounds interesting,
and I really hope that something that like you really feel interested in it because it's an
area I feel very passionate about. I think still is especially hard on these brain
brethren, like you can build less partners but with a week because it's very hard to make
with in terms of revenue and so it's something that I feel quite passionate about.
Yeah, I think it sounds interesting.
I think it's something that I don't know. I give my studied maths. It's like the whole business
sales end of things with something that I never really did. I was always a lot of people facing
person, but the like I do feel like I feel like I would be the fact that this is more of a technical
kind of projects is kind of like kind of reaffirming because I feel like if I was going into a sales
coming straight from a math background it would kind of be like I'd be out of my debt,
but the fact that this is more of a technical project that you're building that's applied towards
an area of sales that I feel like I can actually maybe help out. I think it would I think it's
something that I need to look into more and that think it's something that is I think it is important
what you're describing like it is. You want to essentially put out the whole you want to call out
the middleman in terms of the sales you know and you want to essentially streamline that process
so that kind of deals are made as quick as possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically
you have like it just to come back to back in days and not the best time on the admin. And that's
how to like that's how we can maximize error. And if we do this, it's like guess that like
kind of in a fish and season is very hot. So like when it is this and then we're trying to like be
competitive. Yeah. Um, yeah. I mean, feel free to like have a play with open AI updates and the
sell the sell management agents and the sell, I think the sell has a man ever on time. And then
this message which is an Asian line honest framework. And if you like take a look at just that
so go to a squeeze map. I mean, I think the face that will be like helpful and relevant like
the matter like where you work. And if you take a look at these face and like letting it out,
if you find it, if you find it, it is really fun. Like I'm having lots of fun on this. Like
I have lots of ideas on like face, we can do that like that stuff in try again. If it feels like
quite removed from like when you've been working on before and um, yeah, 50 is kind of a
lots of friction and getting sorted then then my next test is pretty $1 more conference range.
I've done a lot of work on like kind of diffusion models and trying to uh, so kind of more as like
a kind of neural network, I guess that's kind of more of an AI infrastructure. But to maybe like
it's more from or I was doing it more from a research perspective, but I think the skills transfer,
you know, it's kind of kind of understanding a problem. That's from a mathematical point of
view, but from like a systems point of view. I've also been building an engineering project,
this is a healthcare company that's in London called Penelope that uh, they basically try to
essentially build like a very quick integrated platform between insurance companies and medical
providers. And I've been working on a project project, I'm going to show them
maybe in a couple of weeks, but like I have to do more work on it. So it's something that I want to
like I want to branch out from the whole educational, you know, academic academic, academic,
and going on actually applying, you know, building stuff. So.
You know, the healthcare and insurance budget was quite well from way down.
We were going to. Oh, so the healthcare stuff is only been the last week.
So, yeah. Well, like yeah, I was targeting healthcare as like sort of like into and uh,
I actually went in and I said like is there any kind of projects that you think I should
have gone that they recommend you want. So I was good at that.
I do feel like um, how do you feel about dealing with customers and um, so sort of
playing a more kind of CSM role where like you take the customers for things and um, you do
so I figure I'm going to based on what they're demanding and what we need to improve and work on.
Like how to like. So just like applying facing role and they basically described it.
Yeah, like so it was so be worse. It was a more natural relationships and like,
so it was a, um, so it was like solutions that you did like like the one that would be working
with that deal on where like they show us what we can build on our platform.
Along that platform that will be possible in front of like, help them so far into this way.
Um, so since the like uh, uh, have before deployed that you didn't plan to plan.
Yeah, um, that was the issue interesting. Uh, I, I've heard forward to point in the trap. It's
quite a new, it's quite a new role. Uh, like kind of it as, as existed for very long. Would it be
calling them calling the clients directly and it would be on San Francisco arrows?
I think it doesn't have to be San Francisco. I think it could be remote.
Okay. I would have been the hours of San Francisco.
So like is it your clients, your clients are in San Francisco right now?
Yeah, but I mean, my way of how did you wear it better later? Like, is it start better later?
And like wrap a bit later? But we've came to obviously like, we don't have to like,
go all the way on to like, you know, ready to like. Yeah. Um, I, I give some thought like,
I don't know if you're, if you want like, because what it's eight hours ahead, uh, London.
So I don't know if I'd be able to stay up nice, but like very late book. Um, so you would,
the, with the role involved working directly with clients on the same hours that they're up.
And then entirely, we can be flexible, we can, um, maybe like not wrap it like, yeah,
maybe like sometimes you take a call or like maybe something 30 or like, hey, 30,
like they say like, I was in rap stop, like like, like, I was like, last week,
you know, you just start, start, so early.
No, I'm here. Yeah. Uh, London time. Yeah. I think like,
I'm not gonna try to find, uh, I was just worried that it'd be like, uh, 5 p.m.
Under, like 1 a.m. Yeah. Yeah. I would get a message. Yeah.
After and then you look at him more like, uh, New York, and like, he's got his clients,
you know, like his, some of these. Okay. And, um, I think, I think I think right now, like, purely
engineering, like, we would like, these someone else, don't know, no, no, it's before already.
I like, we're actually a lot with heartuses. Yeah. And, um, if he hadn't been like, I wish we had some,
like, the first stuff to work on, like, modest stuff, but right now we're just not doing that,
we're just, like, entirely applied. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't be there yet. Anyway.
Yeah. If it's like, uh, I could see, like, being really good at like, as there's a forward
to playing again, or my solution set to do it, well, like, you, you figure out what the
point is, and, um, so, so, like, pay, uh, tailor the solution to them a bit more,
because we get like every client gets the dashboard. Sometimes they want like something custom,
sometimes they want something that's tailored to them. And, um, initially, like,
they would really help us win contracts. So that, that could be released from, um,
um, okay. Let me have a think, let me have a think and then what are your starting expectations?
Um, I'm living in London. Uh, so I want to be able to pay for rent and have living expenses covered.
Um, after that, I'm not too, uh, forced to be honest. I don't know if they, I don't know if you're doing
equity as well, but that's like, uh, I mean, uh, yeah, I mean, just, I need enough to get by,
and then after that equity, we can negotiate that. Um,
enough together to define enough again, but, uh, so I probably need about, uh, uh,
I pay about a grand a month for rent and I pay about a, I'd probably need a grand a month for
living expenses if like, that's like conservative. So like, uh, maybe more 2,000,
2,000 a month. So that's 25,000. 24,000. 24, 25.
David, uh, at least, right? I can, we can, we can pray to the best of us alone.
Like, I'm not, I'm not expecting like, for me, it's like, I'm going in with, you know, obviously
less skills more like, you know, academic, uh, background. So, you know, whatever,
it kind of, it's kind of balancing towards like, I get more than just a salary. I get like,
real valuable skills. So I know salaries less important as long as I can afford to feed myself.
Um, do you like money? Oh, yeah. I would like, like, like a law for the law, like, do your
law for money. Well, well, I mean, well, I mean, long term, I would like to be very financially stable.
I guess, but it has like, do you, are you like, are you very like, how, like, how passionate are
you about? It's whole like, interest, like, do you, this is something that like, you would do a lot,
like, regardless of work. Like, do I do I, I'm a passion, I'm a passionate about agents.
Yeah. And this was like, like, are you following like, honestly, are you like, are you on to it?
Uh, well, I mean, it's something that I want to learn about. Uh, I've been following like,
healthcare. I like, I mean, I've only, I spent the last year, uh, like, meeting people in the area and
then I've been trying to learn about the area. So like, you know, I want to make people, I want to
work with people in the area. And I feel like that's kind of where the passion comes from working
with people. So it's like, that's why I reached out to you, you know? Um,
frustrated. Um, let me have a think. Let me have a think, um, uh, I think it's possible.
And, um, we have to go both specifically one like it, there was those depend on, um,
I like, I'm, I'm sort of employed by the investors in a way where like, if it is quite clear,
what we're lacking and what we need to work on, and like, the work will kind of have to follow,
well, what needs to be done for the company instead of like, cost us anything like what I think.
So they could have a few changes. So on, of course, um,
but we'll talk about that. I'll keep you posted. They have a think. And, um, we can, we can try,
but you can try again some time. Be free. Um,
be free like, I mean, next week. Yeah, I'll be over, over the phone. Yeah.
Um, sorry.
That's Monday's time. Uh, Monday, uh, yeah, Monday, Monday around this time,
maybe I'll be, I'll be in Spain. So maybe like, yeah, around seven to 10 P.M. Like, it probably
takes some time. That's Jata.
Okay, seven to 10 P.M. is Spain. So that's the ET. That's just, uh, it's nine hours nine hours.
See, it'd be like, uh, yeah, like probably 11 to two your time. 10 to 10 to one. Maybe 10 to one.
So 10 to one. Can we do like, well, my time. So tell my plan. We were eight eight,
nine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.
And in the meantime, I'll look at those agents. And then, yeah, just have a play, like,
honestly, just have fun with it. Like, um, they mean how you find a path. Cool. Okay. Nice and a shot.
I'll see you around. Yeah. Yeah. Same approach. Enjoy Spain. Cheers. Bye.
